Update 20-deploy-agent.md (#1333)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/06-cluster-management/01.9-monitoring/20-deploy-agent.md

# Overview

> Observability (O11y) of Kubernetes clusters and their metrics is an important operational capability. Palette offers a pack for collecting metrics from host clusters which can then be scraped by a monitoring stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observability (O11y) of Kubernetes clusters and their metrics is an important operational capability. Palette provides a pack that collects metrics from host clusters, which can be scraped by a monitoring stack.
```
